{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 The lifetime of an assembly begins with its first event, which must be a begin-history event. If the assembly is not still ongoing, the lifetime is terminated with an 
\f2\i expire-into
\f1\i0  event. Thus the lifetime of an assembly is either 
\f0 \

\f1 \
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 * null (has no events) or 
\f0 \

\f1 * from the date of its begin-history event to the indefinite future (since the DB has no evidence that the assembly has ever died it presumably is still alive), or 
\f0 \

\f1 * from the date of its begin-history event to an 
\f2\i expire-into
\f1\i0  event.
\f0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \
Thus an assembly can only have one expire-into event, which terminates its lifetime. It can expire-into another assembly\'96even a renamed version of itself for the case when an assembly officially changes its name\'96or can expire-into blank (put nothing in the object field), for just plain termination.
\f0 \

\f1 \
References to assembly A in set-affiliate or expire-into events outside of A's lifetime are forbidden. Such a reference is called an "anachronism".
\f0 \

\f1     
\f0 \

\f1 In comments, anachronistic references are permitted.
\f0 \

\f1    
\f0 \

\f1 Prevention of anachronisms: Any action that would shorten the lifetime of an assembly A causes a scan of all other assemblies to check whether any of them have events that refer to A outside the span of the shortened lifetime, i.e. to check for anachronisms. If one is found, the action will be blocked, and the user is made aware of the situation and is asked to fix it.
\f0 \

\f1 \
If some assembly B is still affiliated to A when A expires, the map display will behave as if B disaffiliated when A expired.
\f0 \

\f1 \
Actions that shorten an assembly\'92s lifetime: 
\f0 \
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 deleting all of an assembly\'92s events (making the assembly\'92s lifetime null),
\f0 \

\f1 adding an expire-into date (cutting off the future of the assembly),
\f0 \

\f1 moving the begin-history date later in time,
\f0 \

\f1 moving the expire-into date earlier in time.
\f0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \
\
\
\
}